Update ticketing stubs (#84535)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/collections.md

* <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_collections.html>.

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.

> The mailing list and IRC are great ways to ask questions or post if you don't think this particular issue is resolved.

Reviewer: We should remove mentions of the mailing list or IRC since the communication page does not list them anymore. I think `The Ansible Forum is a great way to ask questions or post...` would read a little awkwardly since asking questions would typically involve posting.

```suggestion
The Ansible Forum is the best place to start a discussion about this particular issue.
```
